this is my chinese water dragon cage
it's 24 by 24 by 48 so that's pretty
tall cage I've got two juveniles in
there what's over there
basically I have everything I think it
needs unless anyone has any suggestions
the humidifier
got the hammocks basking spot right now
it's 106 right there you see that little
black thing it's about 85 where he is
right now and it's about 75 down there I
got the UVB bulb right here it's a
pretty high I think it's a 10 point oh I
got the regular I think this is a rich
100 watt bulbs regular the one back
there is a UVA bulb and the red one
stays on all the time it's the nighttime
bulb I've got another UV light right
there I think it's a 5.0 but I ordered a
a mega ray 275 watt just because I've
had losers before that have gotten a MBD
with bulbs that say they work and the
band of not working so it's pretty
expensive but I think it's worth it
the only other thing I can think of is a
that I'm probably not doing right is uh
the waters down there but they hardly
ever go down there because I guess just
because it's so cold or it's not really
what they want so trying to think of a
way I can have a somehow bring the water
up so they can sit at the probably the
height that there are now but I'm still
trying to figure out how to do that I'm
also looking for some wallpaper or
something to make a little little bit
cooler
the other thing I'm kind of worried
about is they're right next to a door
it's snowing out well if you could see
it but the draft comes in I try to roll
up that towel just to keep it a little
bit warmer in here I got a heater going
over there
but
they're pretty happy
so yeah if you have any suggestions
just let me know